DOCSP-37469: Add transactions page (#198)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/fundamentals/transactions.txt

before they ever become visible.

In MongoDB, transactions run within logical **sessions**. A
:manual:`session </reference/server-sessions/>` is a grouping of related
read or write operations that you intend to run sequentially. Sessions
enable :manual:`causal consistency
</core/read-isolation-consistency-recency/#causal-consistency>` for a
group of operations or allow you to execute operations in an
:website:`ACID transaction </basics/acid-transactions>`. MongoDB
guarantees that the data involved in your transaction operations remains
consistent, even if the operations encounter unexpected errors.

When using the {+driver-short+}, you can create a new session from a
``MongoClient`` instance as an ``IClientSession`` type. We recommend that you reuse
your client for multiple sessions and transactions instead of
instantiating a new client each time.

.. warning::

   Use an ``IClientSession`` only with the ``MongoClient`` (or associated
   ``MongoDatabase`` or ``MongoCollection``) that created it. Using an
   ``IClientSession`` with a different ``MongoClient`` results in operation
   errors.

Methods
-------

Create an ``IClientSession`` by using either the ``StartSession()`` or

> ``StartSessionAsync()`` methods on your ``MongoClient`` instance. You can then modify

Author: Can add this, but will use "application's usecase" instead of "application's runtime" since it seems to be the standard for this repo.

the session state by using the method set provided by the ``IClientSession`` 

> interface. The following tables describe the synchronous and asynchronous versions of
> these methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interface. Select from the following :guilabel:`Synchronous Methods` and :guilabel:`Asynchronous Methods`
tabs to learn about the methods to manage your transaction that correspond to each runtime:
```

            * - ``CommitTransaction()``
              - | Commits the active transaction for this session. Returns an
                    error if there is no active transaction for the session or if the
                    transaction was ended. To learn more about
                    this method, see the :manual:`commitTransaction() page
                    </reference/method/Session.commitTransaction/>`  in the Server manual.
                |
                | **Parameter**: ``CancellationToken``

            * - ``WithTransaction()``
              - | Starts a transaction on this session and runs the given callback. To
                  learn more about this method, see the :manual:`withTransaction() page
                  </reference/method/Session.withTransaction/>` in the Server manual.

                .. warning:: Handling Exceptions

                   When catching exceptions within the callback function used by
                   ``WithTransaction()``, you  **must** rethrow the exception before
                   exiting the try-catch block. Failing to do so can result in an
                   infinite loop. For further details on how to handle exceptions in this

>                    case, see the :manual:`C# example on the Transactions page </core/transactions/>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                   case, see :manual:`Transactions </core/transactions/>` in the Server manual and select :guilabel:`C#` from the language dropdown to view the example.
```

              - | Starts a transaction on this session and runs the given callback. To
                  learn more about this method, see the :manual:`withTransaction() page
                  </reference/method/Session.withTransaction/>` in the Server manual.

                .. warning:: Handling Exceptions

                   When catching exceptions within the callback function used by
                   ``WithTransactionAsync()``, you  **must** rethrow the exception
                   before exiting the try-catch block. Failing to do so can result in an
                   infinite loop. For further details on how to handle
                   exceptions in this case, see the :manual:`C# example on the Transactions
                   page </core/transactions/>`.

                |
                | **Parameters**: ``Func <IClientSessionHandle, CancellationToken, Task<TResult>>``, ``TransactionOptions``, ``CancellationToken``
                | **Return Type**: ``Task <TResult>``

Example
-------

The following example shows how you can create a session, create a
transaction, and commit a multi-document insert and single-document update operation
through the following steps:

> 1. Create a session from the client using the ``StartSession()`` method.

Reviewer: [style guide
](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/terminology/alphabetical-terms/#u:~:text=word%2C%20username.-,using,-by%20using%20with)
```suggestion
1. Create a session from the client by using the ``StartSession()`` method.
```

#. Use the ``StartTransaction()`` method to start a transaction.
#. Insert multiple documents.
#. Update one of the documents.
#. Commit the transaction using the ``CommitTransaction()`` method.

.. io-code-block::

   .. input:: /includes/fundamentals/code-examples/Transaction.cs
      :language: csharp
      :dedent:
      :start-after: begin-transaction
      :end-before: end-transaction
  
   .. output::
      :language: console
      
      Initial Books:
      Title: Beloved  Author: Toni Morrison   In Stock: True
      Title: Sula     Author: Toni Morrison   In Stock: True

      Books after Committing Transaction:
      Title: Beloved  Author: Toni Morrison   In Stock: True
      Title: Sula     Author: Toni Morrison   In Stock: False

For a fully runnable version of this example, see the `BookTransaction code sample

> <{+fundamentals-example+}/Transaction.cs>`__.

Author: Can remove
